Living document to list what needs/ideally should be done.

NOTE: Have abstract base class refactoring be on a seperate branch. I don't want to break things too quickly

IDEALLY:
TODO: All plots should have some metadata which corresponds to the software version with which they were produced (including qubit parameters)
TODO: Do huge parameter sweeps on many cores for lawrencium (or even just a local threadripper overnight or something)
TODO: Ensure propegator solving uses all cores (I think this option needs to be enabled). Ultimately I think mesolve is preferable since this is a master equation solver and not just s.e. solver.
TODO: Clean up/move the huge set of notebooks which I am not using

Objectives as of 2/18/2025:
1.) Create a generalied "scaling function" which will work well for all transmon and fluxonium examples. (Where should this go?)
    - DONE!
2.) Clean up main.ipynb
    - DONE!
3.) Generate plots comparing transmon couplings and fluxonium couplings for a more convincing argument
4.) Look at the matrix elements of the composite system. This will be very instructive as to which transitions are drivable. Should be done in a seperate coupobj_test file.
5.) Have matrix elements be plotted according to the four transitions that I'm actually interested in -- so a function that takes in tuples and only displays those

BUG: qubit simulations become poorly behaved at long time scales. Seems to be a combination of too small nlevs and too small nsteps for propegator.
    - Resolved! This is from complex components seeping in. I am using np.real but could also use np.abs
BUG: Assess every case of using np.abs and think about if it should instead be np.real

FEATURES:
- How to have sub-ns precision for the simulations? An open question.
- Implement nstep adjustments
- Add meta data to saved plots

KEY LONG TERM OBJECTIVES:
- Need a qchard_evolvgates.H_multifreq_drive function which takes in 3 frequencies (in the gridium case it actually is just 2 unique ones) and puts them into an effective drive. Shouldn't be incredibly difficult by any means
